Try taking your prenatal
vitamins at night, before bed.
Many pregnant women
find it helps with
the stomach irritation.
You can also try taking your
prenatal vitamins with
drinks high in vitamin C.
Oh, like orange juice?
Yes.
Okay, yeah, I drink
a lot of orange juice.
This helps with the absorption
of iron that is in the vitamin.
Prenatal vitamins contain folic
acid, which is important for
the development of your baby.
You want to be sure
to take it regularly.
After your bloodwork is done,
the nurse practitioner will know
if you need additional
iron supplementation.
At this time, I'm going to
measure your weight.
65.8?
Do you know how much you
weighed before getting pregnant?
Uh, yeah, six months ago,
I was about 62 kilograms,
so I gained almost
four kilograms.
And about how tall are you?
5' 7".
Your BMI would be about 21 or 22.
Okay. How much should I be gaining?